:experimental:
include::shared/attributes.adoc[]

:context: str

[id="deploying-book_{context}"]
= Deploying and Managing Strimzi

//Introduction to the install process
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-deploy-intro.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Using Kafka in Kraft mode
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-kraft-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Install options
include::modules/deploying/con-strimzi-installation-methods.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Deployment path
include::modules/deploying/con-deploy-paths.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//How to access release artifacts
include::modules/deploying/con-deploy-product-downloads.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Prep for the deployment
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-deploy-tasks-prep.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Deployment steps using installation artifacts
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-deploy-tasks.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Deployment using operatorhub.io
include::modules/deploying/con-deploy-cluster-operator-from-operator-hub.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Deployment using Helm
include::modules/deploying/proc-deploy-cluster-operator-helm-chart.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//feature gates
include::modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gates.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//configuration of components
include::assemblies/configuring/assembly-config.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//creating topics
include::assemblies/operators/assembly-using-the-topic-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//creating users
include::assemblies/operators/assembly-using-the-user-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//using the access-operator
ifdef::Section[]
include::assemblies/security/assembly-access-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
endif::Section[]
//Verifying the deployment and providing access to an external client
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-deploy-client-access.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Securing the deployment
include::assemblies/security/assembly-securing-access.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//using OAuth
include::assemblies/oauth/assembly-oauth-security.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//managing tls certificates
include::assemblies/security/assembly-security.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//security context for all pods
include::assemblies/configuring/assembly-security-providers.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Scaling clusters
include::assemblies/configuring/assembly-scaling-kafka-clusters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Using Cruise Control for rebalancing
include::assemblies/cruise-control/assembly-cruise-control-concepts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Using Cruise Control for changing topic replication factor
include::modules/cruise-control/proc-cruise-control-topic-replication.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Using Cruise Control to move data on jbod disks
include::modules/cruise-control/proc-cruise-control-moving-data.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Using the reassign tool to change topic replicas
include::assemblies/configuring/assembly-reassign-tool.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Introduce metrics and monitoring to your deployment
include::assemblies/metrics/assembly-metrics.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Introduce tracing to your deployment
include::assemblies/tracing/assembly-distributed-tracing.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//using drain cleaner to drain pods
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-drain-cleaner.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Managing rolling updates
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-rolling-updates.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//How to monitor restart events
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-deploy-restart-events.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Using the API conversion tool
include::assemblies/upgrading/assembly-api-conversion.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Upgrading the deployment
include::assemblies/upgrading/assembly-upgrade.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//Downgrading the deployment
include::assemblies/upgrading/assembly-downgrade.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//uninstalling the product
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-uninstalling.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//recovering from PVs
include::assemblies/deploying/assembly-cluster-recovery-volume.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
//tuning configuration
include::assemblies/tuning/assembly-tuning-config.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
